METAEDIT PLUS SOFTWARE COPYRIGHT NOTICE

This document constitutes the full and exclusive copyright notice for 
MetaEdit Plus, a software program developed and authored by Bernd Hagen 
("Author"). MetaEdit Plus, including its source code, documentation, 
executable binaries, and associated materials (collectively, 
"Software"), is protected under international copyright laws and 
treaties. The Author reserves all rights not expressly granted 
through this notice.

LICENSE GRANT

Subject to the terms of this Copyright Notice, the Author grants you 
a revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license to 
download, install, and use the Software for personal, non-commercial 
purposes. This License does not allow for distribution, public 
performance, or public display of the Software, except as expressly 
permitted by the Author.

RESTRICTIONS

Modification: You are prohibited from altering, modifying, adapting, 
translating, or creating derivative works of the Software without 
prior written consent from the Author. Prohibited modifications 
include, but are not limited to, decompiling, reverse-engineering, 
disassembling, or otherwise attempting to discover the source code 
of the Software.

Distribution: Redistribution of the Software, in whole or in part, 
without explicit written permission from the Author is strictly 
forbidden. This includes, but is not limited to, sharing the Software 
over the Internet, on physical media, or within other software.

Commercial Use: Any use of the Software in a commercial context is 
strictly prohibited under this License, unless a separate agreement 
is made with the Author.

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES

The Software is provided "AS IS," without warranty of any kind, 
express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of 
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and 
non-infringement. In no event shall the Author be liable for any 
claim, damages, or other liability, whether in an action of contract, 
tort, or otherwise, arising from, out of, or in connection with the 
Software or the use or other dealings in the Software.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall 
the Author be liable for any special, incidental, indirect, or 
consequential damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, 
damages for loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of 
business information, or any other pecuniary loss) arising out of the 
use of or inability to use the Software, even if the Author has been 
advised of the possibility of such damages.

GENERAL TERMS

By downloading, installing, or using the Software, you acknowledge 
that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by the terms 
of this Copyright Notice. Violation of any terms of this Notice may 
result in immediate termination of your license, legal action, and/or 
penalties as deemed appropriate by the Author and under applicable 
law.

GOVERNING LAW

This Copyright Notice shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Author 
resides, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

AMENDMENTS

The Author reserves the right to amend or update these terms at any 
time without notice. Your continued use of the Software after any 
such changes indicates your acceptance of the new terms.

This Copyright Notice constitutes the entire agreement between you 
and the Author regarding the Software and supersedes all prior 
agreements and understandings, whether written or oral, about its 
subject matter.
